Documentation Restructure (#1231)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/MCP/service_account_auth_mcp/README.md

## Troubleshooting

> For common issues and solutions, see the [Troubleshooting section](../../../docs/source/components/auth/mcp-auth/mcp-service-account-auth.md#troubleshooting) in the Service Account Authentication documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common issues and solutions, refer to the [Troubleshooting section](../../../docs/source/components/auth/mcp-auth/mcp-service-account-auth.md#troubleshooting) in the Service Account Authentication documentation.
```
